What's going on everybody? I'm doing
something a little bit different today
and it comes straight from your requests
over on my daily updates channel. I have
pretty in-depth conversations in the
comments about all sorts of things from
how to deliver an automation project in
real time, how to spend the first $100
that you earn in an automation business,
how to bootstrap, how to do technical
things. Basically, a whole mish mash of
topics that don't always make it into my
more polished YouTube videos. Now, I
consider these conversations a pretty
big gold mine of practical advice, and I
think that they are too valuable to keep
hidden on that smaller channel. So today
I'm bringing some of the most important
and commonly asked questions to this
channel here. These are the exact
roadblocks and solutions that are
helping people break through right now
in 2025. If that sounds good to you,
then stay tuned and let me answer all of
your questions. Albert says, "Hannah,
can you please guide me on how to set up
the pricing for the monthly retainer for
automation services? My thought works
like this. I create the automation,
register the client, set up the
automation in their account, then they
have access to it. But if I want to
introduce a retainer model, do I need to
add myself as an admin to have access to
their account and manage the automation?
What exactly will the client be paying
the retainer for? What will I be doing
as part of the retainer? And how do I
determine the cost? These are some solid
questions. For those of you guys that
are unaware of this, retainers are just
a recurring services model where instead
of somebody paying you for a one-time
project like I think most people
probably think of services in the
context of they pay you every month
usually. Um and in addition to
delivering them projects, you also add a
bunch of other things. So let me show
you just a very quick example of um pre
and post retainer. Okay. So there's kind
of two types because there's two types
of um billing models. There's the hourly
billing model. So, previously, let's say
you did 20 hours of work for somebody
and you did it at uh 50 bucks an hour.
How much money are they paying you that
month? They're paying you $1,000, right?
That said, this isn't guaranteed. Some
months will be 25 hours. Other months
will be 15 hours. Some months they might
not pay you at all. What a retainer
allows you to do is the retainer allows
you in exchange for some of this money,
you get the customer to lock in. So,
they actually buy 20 hours at some
discount. Let's say $45 an hour now. So,
you make $900, but the difference is
they prepay. So, they pay you ahead of
time. They lock in the hours. You now
can schedule clients because you know
exactly how much in volume you're going
to be doing for client one, exactly how
much in volume you're going to be doing
for client two. It allows your life to
be a lot easier as opposed to having
like random fluctuations in hours and
stuff like that like a lot of people see
when they do like basic hourly pricing
models. Okay. So, the way that you do
the retainer, at least this is for
hourly. You can do the same thing for
fixed price, by the way. Like, you know,
previously it was like one project per
month at $1,000. I'm keeping the prices
really low here. You know, afterwards
you do one project a month at like 900
bucks a month or something, right? But
then you add in a bunch of extras. The
reason why retainers are so good is
because recurring revenue is the way to
go. Normally, customer acquisition cost
can be 5% to 15%.
total margin on onetime deals. What that
means is, let's say a deal makes you
$2,000. Uh, let's do 1,000 just cuz I'm
using that as my thing. In order to
acquire a $1,000 deal, you might
actually have spent anywhere between $50
to $150. Let's say $150. That means that
on a onetime deal, right off the top,
before you even pay for software, before
you pay for your own business, before
you pay yourself, before you pay taxes,
the maximum you're making is $850. Okay?
Now, imagine you get a $1,000 retainer
instead. And imagine that they stay with
you for 6 months. Well, now the lifetime
value is $6,000,
right? If you subtract out the
acquisition cost, you're now making
$5,850.
So, do you know what $850 is as a
proportion of a,000? That's 85% margin.
But do you know what 5,850 is as a
proportion of 6,000?
I don't at all. That's why I'm going to
pump it into my calculator in a second.
97.5% margin. Obviously, you want 97.5%
margin, not 85% margin, right? And
that's not even taking into account all
the rest of the benefits of a retainer.
Like, yeah, as I mentioned, stable work,
better client relationships, more
opportunity for partnerships and
whatnot. All right, so now that
everybody is up to speed on what a
retainer is, why retainers are cool, the
way I would structure retainers is you
don't just add in the services. You add
in the service or the project that you
were doing before, plus a bunch of other
stuff to make the retainer a no-brainer
for them. What do I mean? I mean, maybe
you offer in a one-time, this is what I
do, a onetime weekly strategy call,
which is 45 minutes. Maybe you give them
unlimited maintenance. Instead of you
having to pay me one off for like random
fixes here or there at like my normal
rate of 100 bucks an hour, I'm just
going to include all that in the
retainer. So, like, you know, if there's
any issue with the system and, you know,
we define issue as like there's some
problem with the API or there's some
issue with like the no code platform or
there's some server outage or whatever,
I will fix that for you completely for
free as part of my retainer. this is
part of my peace of mind guarantee or
something like that, right? You can
pitch it however you want. Maybe you
give them availability
and you say, "Hey, if you reach out to
me between 12:00 p.m. until 2 p.m.
Monday to Friday, I'll respond within 15
minutes through Slack." What does this
mean? Emergency Q&A. So that if they
need some training or they have like
access to some resource, they just want
to like know, hey, how do I update this
or whatever? You just respond to them
through Slack. These are all things that
you do in addition to the core service,
the core project. And this makes a
retainer a lot more preferable from the
client perspective, but it doesn't scale
one to one with your time, right? And
then it allows you to get into the
situation where you have like, you know,
multiples on your time with the $6,000
lifetime value instead of the $1,000. So
that's one thing. And the other reason
why retainers is so great is because
you're usually not fully utilized.
Believe it or not, very few retainers
will ever fully utilize you. Nobody
really talks about this, but this is
kind of like the hacky part. If somebody
purchases 20 hours a month off of you
and you charge them a discount, let's
say $45 an hour instead of your normal
hour, you know, of $50, right? You may
think, well, I'm only making $900. Now,
but realistically, do you know how many
hours they're actually going to use you?
They're probably going to use like 18.
So, you're actually working the exact
same hourly rate, which is 50 bucks an
hour, but now you just locked somebody
in for a six-month plan. So, yeah,
hopefully you guys see the logic behind
retainers and why they're so valuable.
But that is the main thing. And then
obviously from the customer perspective
and from your perspective, it's way
better to work with people that you've
already worked with before because you
get to know their business. So your
solutions are more nuanced. You can
deliver more value in addition to the
non like full utilization and stuff. You
usually get like more referrals. You
work less for the same time. The benefit
of the a automation model is you get to
build systems that deliver value for
you. So that even if you're not
necessarily delivering value with your
time, the customer still feels like
you're delivering some value. Oh, you
know, Nick's cold email system generated
me 23 leads last month. Like that is
extraordinarily valuable whether or not
I'm physically there working on their
systems. My system does itself, right?
Hey Nick, what did your daily schedule
look like when you're focused on the
agency side of things and or when you're
just starting out? Did you have an hour
plan with time block for every strategy
follow-ups etc. I'm trying to build a
strong system to help move the needle on
a daily basis. Thanks for all the
valuable content. No, I did not have an
hourby hour system, but I will run you
through what my schedule looked like.
Basically my schedule mirrored the
pipeline of a typical agency. So you
know at the top of an agency you have
lead genen. So, you know, you'll have
like a cold email, you'll have Upwork,
obviously, everybody has slightly
different lead genen methods, but maybe
LinkedIn, you might have like
communities, you might have trade shows,
whatever the hell, I don't know, we just
had somebody land $54,500
from a trade show or something like that
in make moneywithmake.com, which is
freaking awesome. So, whatever your lead
genen methods are, you know, then what
do you do? You you pump them up to some
sort of sales call. After the sales
calls, what do you do? You do some sort
of kickoff call. After the kickoff call,
what do you do? You do some sort of
fulfillment. And after the fulfillment,
what do you do? you do some sort of like
retention, you do some sort of
follow-up. So, this is like the way that
um clients flow through an agency,
right? You can conceptualize this as
sort of like a pipeline kind of like
this.
Now, the exact same way that the
customer flows through most of these
points is the exact same way that I
recommend laying out your day. I
recommend starting every day by focusing
on the top of this funnel. Focus on lead
genen. Knock out lead genen for, you
know, one or two hours or something like
that. Then do all your sales calls
afterwards. Schedule them. I mean,
obviously, if you are at the start line
of your business, you do have to make
yourself available for client calls.
Sometimes they're going to want them
early in the morning. Sometimes they're
going to want them later. But generally
speaking, do your sales calls. Do
onboarding calls after that, maybe like
an hour a day. Then do fulfillment.
Maybe this is like one to two hours. And
then if you have follow-ups or retention
or whatever, then do these after. Now,
obviously, like retention follow-ups are
kind of better off here, but just wanted
to give you guys a simple framework you
could use to follow. So, guess what? I
didn't just do this when I was uh in the
middle of scaling my agency. I'm doing
this right now. I do this every single
day. It's almost the exact same thing.
If you guys head over to my Nyx Drive
work log, it's just a Twitter account
where I basically post all of my work
and I just talk about what it is that
I'm doing. And sorry, I'm on cellular
data still. So, let me just move this
close to the window so it doesn't take
an hour. This is actually my new daily
schedule I just built out. And um it's
very very similar, I would say, to this.
Now the difference is I'm frontloading
with make money with make management
maker school management but yeah this is
basically my whole daily schedule. So my
lead genen in a way is like my
reputation and so how do I maximize my
reputation? I do the um community
management right now. Then I do some
inbox zero. This is almost like you can
kind of think of this as like more like
like these three they're not exactly
lead genen but they are lead genen
adjacent. So I start with lead genen.
Then what do I do after that? I do
content which is lead genen for me as
well. Then what do I do after that? I do
the fulfillment and then at the very end
I have some miscellaneous admin. It's
not one to one, but just notice how I
start by focusing on what I consider to
be the highest ROI part of my day. I
always just frontload that. You want to
focus on the most important thing that
makes you the most money immediately
every day while your mind is fresh and
you're as full of energy as you'll ever
be. And for most people at the start
line, that's the lead genen. Then you
want to kind of just work your way down
the stack. You know what I mean? Alex
Son of Thunder says, "Yo, Nick, thanks
for the great content adding so much
value. Great way to do it." As opposed
to Lee Miley's weekly Google meet. Does
he have a weekly Google meet? I don't
even know. Oh, what does he do? like
answer Q&A. What's the fastest way to
build trust and confidence when a random
lead is interested but does not know me
yet? Also, how do you in their eyes
eliminate risk and almost guarantee
results and value so they feel like
their well-invested money will actually
bring results, not just another risky
and costly endeavor with a random dude
who just cold email me with an offer?
How do you just make them say shut up
and take my money? My best guess so far
showcasing a demo and projecting results
based on their current processes and
doing some calculations, but I'm
definitely curious where your take is on
all this. Yeah, for sure. That's
basically it. Honestly, you said almost
guarantee results. I guarantee results.
I say, you know, you will get X, Y, and
Z or risk mitigation. There's a
difference between an emotional sales
decision, which is what a lot of people
will push for. You know, you need to buy
this now. You know that you want this.
This is aligned with everything that
you've told me so far. You have all the
information you need to make this
decision. So, let's make it now. And
then there's an like intellectual sales
decision, which is, you know, is the
return on investment of this positive?
Am I going to make money by investing in
this or am I going to lose money? So,
the guarantee solves the intellectual
and then I find that it also solves the
emotional. It just makes it like a
no-brainer. If you are willing to
guarantee your service, and if you
don't, you just give them all their
money back. Like, intellectually
speaking, there's no reason why they
should not accept or move forward with
you, unless there's some other major
issue that you haven't handled on a
sales call, unless you're like really
untrustworthy or unless you haven't
built up value enough or whatever. Yeah,
that's how you do it. You just offer a
guarantee. It sounds like you got most
of the right pieces here. I just
wouldn't pitch it as a demo because when
you pitch things as a demo, in my
experience, you tend to become like a
dancing monkey on performance for the
person that's like rating you. And then
if you don't do a good enough job, they
don't give you your your snack or your
treat, which is your deal closed. So, I
always like to frame things as like from
one business owner to another, hey, let
me show you something really cool.
You're going to love this. You know,
like, hey, you know, I've actually built
a system that did just that for a sevenf
figureure business. I built a system
that extracted leads from this source
and then enrich them with this source.
And then, um, I know you weren't asking
for this, but on top of that, we also
did this. Do you want to see it? It's
super cool. And then they're like, oh
yeah, that sounds pretty sweet. And then
I show it to them. So, now I'm kind of
like on the same level as them. And it's
more of a, "Hey, this is pretty cool."
Not necessarily, "Hey, dance for me,
monkey." Study motivation 6838 says,
"Thanks for answering all the previous
comments. Would you promise meetings
booked for your AI lead generator
outreach system because I feel like I
can offer leads, but the calls booked
comes down to the offer of the business,
but at the same time, they all want to
hear meetings booked. How do you
position it considering you have a case
study for leads? Also, you mentioned
cold email works for consultants or
coaches. How would you go about writing
copy or what would your messaging look
like if you're selling, for example,
business coaching to medium-sized
business owners? So, would you promise
meetings booked for your AI lead
generator outreach system?" Absolutely.
You should always be guaranteeing this
sort of stuff. The reason why is because
guarantees just align your incentives
with the customers and then there's
basically no downside. If you screw up,
you're out nothing except for time, but
you gain a ton of experience. You paid
down a bunch of the skill debt that you
probably have acrewed that you don't
fully know about yet. And then the
client has probably gotten results
between zero to what your guarantee
minimum was. So, they tend to always win
as well. Let me give you a quick example
of this. So, if you had a guarantee and
let's just say your guarantee is 20
sales appointments in 60 days, what are
the outcomes? You think about it, there
are a couple. The first outcome is that
you hit it. Now, what happens if you hit
it? If you hit it, that means you've
delivered over 20 appointments in 60
days, meaning that the client is happy.
Okay? Not only are they happy, but you
got paid. and odds are you've set a
great impression on that client and the
likelihood of wanting to work with you
more in the future is pretty high. The
second possibility here is that you get
between 0 to 20 appointments. Now, this
technically doesn't fulfill your
guarantee. But what does this
realistically mean? Okay, the client has
still gotten some results. Odds are you
didn't gotten zero appointments. Maybe
you landed seven appointments or
something like that. They might have
actually made a fraction of that money.
You don't get paid,
but the client still has a positive
impression. Why? Because you just
delivered them a bunch of stuff for
free. Man, that's about as clear as day
as you can get towards value. The third
and very unlikely scenario is you don't
do anything. You book zero appointments.
I mean, like statistically, think about
it. You know, even between 0 to 20, this
is uniformly distributed. This is just a
statistical hack that I'm going to show
you guys really quickly. There's a 5%
chance of you getting one appointment,
5% chance you getting two, 5% chance of
you getting three, 5% chance you getting
four, all the way up to 20. Right?
Basically, if there are 20 options here,
there's a 5% chance of you getting each
of them in this case. So, the chance of
you getting actually zero appointments
is very, very low. And it's probably way
lower than 5%. I'm just trying to make
it as simple as possible to understand
here, but this is super super unlikely.
So, what's actually pretty unlikely in
reality? If you're doing an offer like
this and you're putting yourself out
there consistently and you're pretty
good with it, there's an overwhelmingly
high chance that you hit it, probably
greater than a 50%. Meaning, there's a
50% chance of you making whatever money
you're going to make. So, I don't know,
let's say you were planning on charging
$2,500. There's a 50% chance of making
$2,500. You know what that means? That
means that basically every time you take
on one of these clients, you make $1,250
just mathematically. The other thing is
you get between 0 to 20 appointments.
Well, if there's like, I don't know,
let's say around 40% chance of you doing
this. If you're a total beginner here,
you've never done this before, then you
know, you don't make $1,250, you make
$0. But I'll tell you what, clients love
getting things for free. The likelihood
that you don't get anything from this
client, it's actually pretty low. You've
also helped them and you've learned a
bunch. So, I guess what I'm trying to
say is there's basically no downside to
offering a guarantee so long as you put
the full force of your intention behind
it and you do try. Because if there are
two worlds and in the first world you
offer a guarantee, the second world you
don't, in which world do you think you
yourself are more likely to learn and
then grow? Obviously, the one where you
offer a guarantee, right? Why? Because
guarantees are scary. They're hard and
they align your incentives. If you screw
up, you don't get paid. Wouldn't you
rather live in the future where you grow
and learn more anyway? Obviously, this
involves doing harder things. Obviously,
you're going to push yourself harder
than you would have otherwise if you
didn't have the guarantee. But not only
does this help the client, it also helps
you, I guess, is what I'm trying to say.
How to position it. Considering you have
a case study for leads. Also, you
mentioned cold email works consultants.
You know what? I would do this to write
the copy. Watch me start installing AI
service in 10 hours. this video here
that I just brutally ripped off of
instantly. Uh, and then I just like
repackage it and then turn it into like
how to do it for AI. So, check this
video out. This has everything that you
need in terms of copyrightiting. Just go
to the 57th minute of that. Then I run
you through my actual copyrightiting
process. It's the same across coaches,
consultants, and everything else. Some
says, "Hey, Nick, I'm in high school.
Don't have any social proofs that I can
show to my prospects. Uh, what would you
do if you were in my situation? How can
I prove myself to the clients?" You
know, you're in like pretty much the
classic situation that all beginners are
in. They have nothing to start with.
They have no social proof to show
people. It's like the not just
entrepreneurial problem nowadays. It's
like the job problem as well. When you
apply to a job for JavaScript
development and it's a junior job and
they're like must have 10 years of
experience in JavaScript and you're like
this is a junior job. They ask for
TypeScript 10 years of experience in
Typescript. It's like dude has
Typescript even been out for 10 years.
Anyway, the point that I'm making here
is everybody suffers from a very similar
problem to you at the start line. This
is just like one of those normal things
that you have to go through in order to
get to where you want to get. The good
news is there are ways to not pretend,
but there are ways to fake it until you
make it. The simplest one is actually
take some of the systems that I've built
on my channel and then rebuild them on
your end. I have some of these for free.
A lot of the really good ones are
obviously in maker school, but take the
ones for free and just try and rebuild
them as much as possible and then ask
yourself, what sort of business would
work with this? What sort of business
does this system help? You know, a lot
of the time it helps like digital
agencies because that's my niche. I help
like B2B agencies with growth. So once
you have a few systems that you have now
built yourself, you're not just like
copying and pasting mine, you're
actually building them. Now you can
actually say stuff like, "Hey, I built
an automated cold email system that
enriches contacts and then adds a,000
leads a day to a cold email platform. I
created an automatic proposal generator
that takes as input a customized form
fill and then it customizes a template
based off this and then it does all this
really cool stuff." Now you actually
have some social proof. Is the social
proof like, you know, have you done this
for other clients? No. But you can get
away with saying, "Hey, you know, I
built this stuff for an AI agency."
Like, you don't specify the AI agency is
yours, but you did build it for an AI
agency your own. You kind of see what I
mean? This is almost like pulling
yourself up by the bootstraps, which is
super cool. And that's what I recommend.
You kind of you kind of start there. And
then, you know, if I could visualize
this, you know, you start here. I built
X for I don't know, like a like an
automation company.
And guess what? Once you're done with
that, you actually use that to land one
gig and let's say you work with some
personal trainer company. Well, now you
could say I built Y
for a personal trainer company or
personal trainer. Let's say you take
Braxton's niche, just completely destroy
him. Sweep it out from under his thumb
and maybe now you have two portfolio
pieces or case studies. That makes the
third one so much easier. Now it's like
I built Z for an AI agency.
And maybe once you have these three
simple systems that you've done, well,
now you can actually go in and like sell
something that delivers value and
actually makes people money because now
you know enough about this stuff. So you
could say, you know, with your new lead
genen system, I don't know, let's say
you actually add $1,535
in revenue in the first three weeks
for a, you know, whatever business.
Let's just say B2B SAS.
with systems. And now, do you notice how
like you're starting with like the
trashiest case study? This though gets
you to here. And now you get both of
these. These two get you here. Now you
have all three of these and then these
three get you here. And now you actually
have some sort of actual thing, you
know, tangible case study with value.
And the second you have some dollar
signs in your case study, from
experience, it just gets so so much
easier. So yeah, I guess what I'm trying
to say is there's like there's a million
and one ways to play this, but that's
what I'd recommend from end things IRL.
Hey Nick, thanks for your amazing
guidance. Really appreciate it. What do
you mean by an asset? Can you help me a
bit more? I can't do Loom videos as I
currently don't have any sort of webcam
or anything like that. So, what could be
my other options? Now, about the cold
emails, I certainly don't have any
money, but I do have a subscription to a
cold emailing software called Many
Reach. I know it's not the best, but it
does work. And I don't have custom
domains. I'm using Gmails for now. After
getting my first couple of clients, I'll
invest in things like a good webcam or a
good laptop. Loom videos are improving
my outreach methods. Right now, I don't
have a laptop. All I have is an old PC
to do the outreach and build automation.
As for the Zoom call, I'll manage. Maybe
I'll ask one of my mates for their
laptop, but can't do that for Loom
videos as that may take too long. Cool.
So, there's a lot going on over here.
Obviously, you're very financially and
kind of resource constrained. You don't
have some of the things that I probably
consider basic these days, like a laptop
with some sort of webcam, some sort of
microphone or whatever built in. But
what I like about you is that you are
actively thinking about how you could
solve these problems. I think it'd be
easy for somebody in your shoes to just
say, I don't really have any of that
stuff, so I can't even try. But you're
thinking, hey, so I don't have these
things, so how can I still get stuff
done? So, you know, that mindset is
going to take it very far right off the
bat. When I say asset, uh, you're
referring to the assetbased outreach
strategy that I've talked about before,
which in a nutshell, if you guys are new
to it, is where you design some sort of
asset that's high quality and customized
to a prospect that solves some problem
for them, and then you just give it to
them without asking really for much in
return, and you use that to sort of
icebreak instead of just like a cold
email or whatever. These things are
obviously very high value and they're
very very effective if you can design
something that effectively handles the
pain points that the person on the other
end of the line is suffering from. But
the trade-off is it just takes you a ton
of time and energy to put together,
right? Like you're designing an asset.
So what are some examples of assets? One
thing I did on video was I generated a
bunch of newsletters using AI and the
customer's website and then I pumped
them into a high-quality newsletter
format that I've used for myself and
then I generated like a nice sounding
newsletter that was I don't know like
it's not perfect but it's like 80 90% of
the way there. So that's considered
valuable. What's another example of an
asset? Maybe you're targeting coaches or
consultants. So what you do is you run
some automation that finds like the top
10 trending videos in their niche. You
pass the titles of those into AI and
then you have AI generate a bunch of
like highquality title candidates and
then give it to them. variety of other
things you could do too. You could One
thing the video editors do a lot of is
they actually go and then this is more
manual, but they will do an edit of the
person's video and then they'll give it
to them and say, "Hey, I know we haven't
talked before, but I love your channel.
I've been following you for a while.
I've actually edited a bunch of stuff
for you. So, I just want to put it in
front of you cuz I know that giving
value is how you get ahead in any
industry." And uh whether or not you
want me to edit for you, just just
wanted you to have it. Hopefully, this
helps. Do whatever you want with it. You
could pump long form videos into short
form content generators like opus.clipip
clip or something, you know, that allows
you to make a bunch of short clips and
then you send it to an influencer or
creator and say, "Hey, I just clipped a
bunch of your content for free. Take it.
I just want to let you know that I did
this step professionally and I'd be
happy to do it for you cuz I really like
your brand." I mean, I'm just throwing
like tons of ideas at the wall here. You
can use any of these or any combination
of any of these in your individual
outreach and you'll do just fine. Okay,
so that's what I mean by assets. And the
thing is in your case, because you don't
have a Loom video, so you can't record
anything super custom, you don't have
any sort of like cold email platform.
This is probably your best bet, right?
Because what you're doing is you're
leveraging your skill in building an
asset as opposed to, let's say, your
skill as a saleserson or something like
that, which may not necessarily be
there. It also sounds like you don't
really have the ability to do things
like record videos, which are obviously
high value, and so on and so forth.
Okay, so these are all just some ideas
that you could use. And then, yeah, I
like the Zoom call. Ask one of your
mates for the laptop, get on the call
that way. Yeah, that's very good. You
got a lot of gumption, I would say,
which is necessary. And that's a wrap on
today's Q&A. I hope these answers help
you push through whatever barriers you
are currently facing in your AI or
automation business. The opportunities
in the space are massive right now, and
I think we all know that, but they're
only big if you actually take action on
what you learn. Cuz these strategies
work, but they only work if you go step
into the arena, if you actually
implement them. So, if you guys have
your own questions that didn't get
covered today, don't let them hold you
back. Just head over to my daily updates
channel, it's the link in the
description, and drop them in the
comments. I do read and respond to every
single one personally. And if you guys
are serious about turning your AN
automation knowledge into real income,
Maker School is where it's happening. We
have over 2,500 members, a 90-day
accountability program, and there are
tons of people landing their first
clients consistently within a month or
two. So, just subscribe to my channel,
check out daily updates for more
detailed answers, and I'll catch youall
on the next video. Thanks so much.